Oye
Why do you go wherever our Bai family goes?
We've made it very clear
Even if you keep wanting to pester
Our Bai family will not take you in either.
You don't think I want to go back to your Bai family, do you?
Then what are you doing here?
Dressed up
Don't think you rent one of these dresses
You can be a superhero
What about the situation on the master's side?
Why don't we spend money here?
Be big
What if the money runs out after that?
Even if you have no money, you still come here for me to see.
Eighty percent know about the cooperation.
Just pay some money
Yes!
After all, Lin's Group gave Bai's Group 1 billion money
He's going to this ravine
Never see
Do you want less money for the money given to you before the story?
You're not here to get my attention this time
Big brother took the project for nothing
Yes, Miss Liu
Why didn't I find Ouyin so beautiful before?
In such good shape
Brother Gao
You said the one next to my sister
Who else?
It must be the wild man that Ouyang hooked up with
Otherwise, how could he come in?
Blind murderer
You don't cooperate with the terrain group at all
What are you?
Dare to talk to us here
Houno, you are so shameless!
Not long after I left, I couldn't wait to find a man
And found a man so old
I see you.
You can't live without a man.
Sister, he is a few years older than you.
Don't be fooled by him.
Don't fake it
You think everyone is as blind as they are?
I can't see what kind of goods you are
Why don't you say a few words when you're dead?
Euro This is not the place for you
You better go
Don't affect my cooperation with Li Jia
Otherwise, I'll be rude to you.
You're welcome to me.
Then I'm afraid I won't cooperate with you when I leave home.